# UILogView

## Overview
UILogView is a project that aims to enhance the logging capabilities of your application. Its purpose is to provide a way to view logs not only in the Xcode console but also within the application itself. By leveraging a custom UIView called UILogView, you can easily incorporate this functionality into your project.

## Description
UILogView allows you to display logs generated by your code directly within your application's user interface. It offers a convenient and visually appealing way to view and interact with logs. 

Some of the key features of UILogView include:
- Minimization and maximization: UILogView can be minimized or maximized to control its visibility within the application.
- Positioning: You can move UILogView to different locations within the view hierarchy by adding it as a subview to your desired view or window.
- Log copying: UILogView allows you to copy logs to the clipboard for easy sharing or reference.
- Customization: You can customize the appearance of UILogView, including its size, colors, font, and more, through code.

## Usage
There are two main ways to use UILogView in your project:

1. Adding UILogView as a subview with parameters:
```swift
let logView = UILogView.addUILogView(
    on: self.view,
    point: nil,
    appearance: UILogViewAppearance(
        textColorAppearance: [
            .high: .red,
            .low: .white
        ]
    )
)
```
In this method, you add UILogView as a subview to the specified view, passing in any additional customization parameters you desire.

2. Instantiating UILogView and adding it as a subview:
```swift
let logView = UILogView(
    point: CGPoint(x: 50, y: 50),
    appearance: UILogViewAppearance(
        textColorAppearance: [
            .high: .red,
            .low: .white
        ]
    )
)
self.view.addSubview(logView)
```
In this approach, you create an instance of UILogView with the desired customization options, such as the initial position, appearance, and more. Then, you add it as a subview to the desired view or window.

Also, you can simply print out the log as follows.
```swift
logView.send(log: Log(level: .high, text: "Hello world!"))
```

By using UILogView in your project, you can conveniently view and interact with logs directly within your application, providing a seamless debugging and monitoring experience.

## Contact
Any comments on this project are welcome. Feel free to register for the issue.
